"Again, this is one of the few today we may have to read your wonderland, especially all of you,
and it truly is beautiful, every aspect nothing really good, and so we stand in our beautiful
motivation of the you and the appreciation. At the same time, the motivation of the vastness,
the motivation of the whole each other. And then, beauty and honesty. Beauty and honesty get really
punished, what I've said so many times, and known as the pre-medial states, pre-medial states.
According to the Aniruddhi Dzogchen teaching, it's called "three kayas" - dharmakaya, sambhogakaya,
nirmanakaya - everything is in three kayas states, that makes sense. But if you can elaborate
on that a little bit, one of you can be teaching always in the practice of the lineage states,
always reflecting the five perfect states. Five perfect, that is, you all heard them so many times,
I meet you, we all heard them so many times. But if we just only vaguely, we kind of are passing
through,
our brain is not really observing what that means. And maybe we always think, oh, five perfect is
only one way,
we can all think of the teacher, these things. But reality level, five perfect is three kayas
states.
Three kayas states are not just one way three kayas, we're not talking everyone's three kayas
except us.
We're not talking, that's what I mean. Buddha did not say, Il Dzogchen did not say,
or everyone is three kayas states except the individuals. It means we all are three kayas states.
Everything what we see in three kayas states, and we make clear, subject is three kayas,
object is three kayas states. There is nothing else beside the three kayas states.
This means all total is three kayas states. We will elaborate on that.
Then five perfect places, perfect places as three kayas states, perfect teaching as three kayas
states,
perfect audience as we are three kayas states, perfect teaching as three kayas states,
after how to re-world our view of any of the natures of three kayas.
And then perfect time is beyond three times, perfect time, perfect time, perfect places.
Where is the Dzogchen teaching? According to Dzogchen teaching, the teaching is continually flowing
,
continually happening is unceasing, uninterrupted, continuation.
Continuation is flowing from the mind to mind, to the sambalas, to the aurata.
Those are three lineage systems, all the time happening. So beyond three times.
To activate that is called then beauty, the understate.
That really is it. All kind of let elaborate three kayas states. Let elaborate three, then five
perfects.
So what is the grade in the teaching office? Five perfects.
When a student sees a teacher as perfect teacher as some of the others.
When a teacher sees a student also perfect five kayas states.
Perfect dial with a states. That activating of this is not just a kind of making power able to
sound that.
But we are revealing our inner quarters. Beauty.
With that five perfect states, it will reflect the teaching.
Then the teaching is really absorbent. You begin the perfect way.
Perfect way and then it continually flow to the perfect.
So therefore I mean this is the one. And then both each other is the call it of the five perfects.
Perfect teacher, perfect student, that audience of them. That is the call it of both each other.
Or call it of them. Call it. That means call it of nature of the mind.
When three kayas is not just a only kind of like dry three kayas states.
Three kayas is a pull of love, pull of completion, pull of visitors.
Pull of considerations, full of common senses.
Common senses, understanding that all the beauty is completely saturated in their call it of three
kayas.
Then their mind is that. That's what when we call Buddha is embodiment of love compared to the
visitors.
Not just the Buddha, Buddha's are, the light is are. And our nature of the mind, what we are
talking, the Doki teaching, three kaya nature, is in that status.
That is love. This is a computer. That is the worst of that. That is what nature of the mind is.
And that is what we are revealing. That is what we are revealing.
We are revealing that qualities. So therefore this is very important.
And with those beautiful attitude and what we thought. And then we reflect the teachings.